[Marketplace Contribution] Akamai WAF - Content Pack Update (#34474)
demisto/content: Packs/Akamai_WAF/ReleaseNotes/2_0_11.md

#### Integrations

##### Akamai WAF

> Fixed an issue with ***akamai-list-siteshield-map***, which only returns the first map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue with the ***akamai-list-siteshield-map***command, which only returned the first map.
```
